README.md, before:

# PartialMaskField

### _A CommonJS module for Titanium mobile applications._

This module provides the ability to have partial password masking on a Titanium `TextField` object. This may be desirable in certain applications, for example, which may want to reveal only the last few digits of a Social Security Number or a Drivers License number.


This [Screen Capture](http://www.screencast.com/t/VbLZkIi4h0bJ) shows a sample app using the `PartialMaskField` module.

> __NOTE: This module does NOT support partial masking for Android.__

> __Technical Reason:__ When programmatically updating the value of a `TextField`, Android will place the cursor at position 0 instead of after the last position (where it would be expected). This affects the ability to perform dynamic `TextField` updates internally within this module.
But, there is a feature request in for this functionality under [TIMOB-6006](https://jira.appcelerator.org/browse/TIMOB-6006).

> _The behavior on Android will mimic the native functionality of a having a fully masked `TextField` with the setting `passwordMask:true`._

Commit message:

Update to reflect 2.1.2 capability for Android

README.md, after:

# PartialMaskField

### _A CommonJS module for Titanium mobile applications._

This module provides the ability to have partial password masking on a Titanium `TextField` object. This may be desirable in certain applications, for example, which may want to reveal only the last few digits of a Social Security Number or a Drivers License number.


This [Screen Capture](http://www.screencast.com/t/4rxNmTuxkN) shows a sample app using the `PartialMaskField` module.

> __NOTE: This module does NOT support partial masking for Android.__

> __Technical Reason:__ When programmatically updating the value of a `TextField`, Android will place the cursor at position 0 instead of after the last position (where it would be expected). This affects the ability to perform dynamic `TextField` updates internally within this module.
But, there is a feature request in for this functionality under [TIMOB-6006](https://jira.appcelerator.org/browse/TIMOB-6006).

> _The behavior on Android will mimic the native functionality of a having a fully masked `TextField` with the setting `passwordMask:true`._

> __UPDATE: The Android limitation has been fixed with SDK 2.1.2 and this module has been updated to function appropriately.__
